Rek pp perma instructions (#3166)
harvard-lil/perma: developer.md

By default, Perma's `docker-compose` file will spin up a local Perma Payments for you to experiment with. For more fruitful experimentation, configure this Perma Payments to interact with Cybersource's test tier, by running Payments with a custom settings.py that contains our credentials. See `docker-compose.yml` and `/services/docker/perma-payments/settings.py.example` for more information. CyberSource will not be able to communicate its responses back to your local instance, of course, but you can simulate active subscriptions using the Django admin.

### Test Perma Interaction with Perma Payments

> You may also decide to run the two services locally to experiment by running both on the same network.

Reviewer: What would you think of:
```suggestion
You may also decide to run the two Docker Compose projects side-by-side on the same network.
```

> The Docker containers for `perma-payments` have to be built before you can successfully run  `perma` on the same network. Visit the [`perma-payments` repo](https://github.com/harvard-lil/perma-payments/blob/develop/README.md#running-locally) for those instructions. Once you've done that, build the Docker containers for perma: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker containers for `perma-payments` must be up and running before you can successfully run  `perma` on the same network. Visit the [`perma-payments` repo](https://github.com/harvard-lil/perma-payments/blob/develop/README.md#running-locally) for those instructions. Once you've done that, start up the Docker containers for perma with the below command, which instructs Docker to ignore `docker-compose.override.yml`: 
```

- `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml up -d --build`

> Then, to run perma, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then start perma's development server normally:
```

### Test Perma Interaction with Perma Payments

You may also decide to run the two services locally to experiment by running both on the same network.

The Docker containers for `perma-payments` have to be built before you can successfully run  `perma` on the same network. Visit the [`perma-payments` repo](https://github.com/harvard-lil/perma-payments/blob/develop/README.md#running-locally) for those instructions. Once you've done that, build the Docker containers for perma: 

- `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml up -d --build`

Then, to run perma, run:

`d fab run`

When you're finished, take down the containers by running:

`docker compose -f docker-compose.yml down`

> Don't worry if you get the following error when shutting down these containers while still running the `perma-payments` containers. That's because the network is maintained until both containers are down:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't worry if you get the following error when shutting down these containers while still running the `perma-payments` containers. That's because the network is maintained until both Docker Compose projects are down:
```
